README.md, before:

SeAuto Cucumber Sample Project
==============================

# Introduction

This project is intended to be a template project for those wanting to quickly
implement and use SeAuto for Cucumber.

# Setup instructions

## Prerequisites: 
* Download and install the [Java JDK](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/) 
* Download and install [Apache Maven](http://maven.apache.org/download.cgi) 
  * Any version on that page will work if you have a preference
* Firefox, for the demo to run

## To build the archetype:
````bash
mvn archetype:create-from-project
cd target/genrated-sources/archetype
mvn install
cd /to/new/project/dir
mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeCatalog=local
````
Then follow the instructions inserting your GroupId, etc..

## To run this project or the built archetype
To run:

`mvn clean integration-test`
You should see a Firefox browser launch, go to Bing.com, and search for Partnet, verifying Partnet is in the search results.

After the tests run, the reports are located in`target/surefire-reports` in regular test format

## Run with other browsers
The other driver binaries can be downloaded and placed in the correct location by using the seauto-driver-manager plugin.

Execute the following command to download the appropriate drivers for your current operating system:

```
mvn com.partnet:seauto-driver-manager:download
```

After that, run the tests with the following command, as found in the [*Configuration*](//partnet.github.io/seauto/#/configuration) section of the documentation:

```
mvn clean integration-test -Dtest.config.browser=<your browser, eg. IE>
```

To run each test with its own browser type, see [*Create Tests.*](//partnet.github.io/seauto/#/createTests)

# Documentation
Please see the main SeAuto [documentation](//partnet.github.io/seauto/#/getStarted) for more information.

Commit message:

Added Get Started section
Added Get Started Section. Fixed Typos

README.md, after:

SeAuto Cucumber Sample Project
==============================

# Introduction

This project is intended to be a template project for those wanting to quickly
implement and use SeAuto for Cucumber.

# Setup instructions

## Prerequisites: 
* Download and install the [Java JDK](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/) 
* Download and install [Apache Maven](http://maven.apache.org/download.cgi) 
  * Any version on that page will work if you have a preference
* Firefox, for the demo to run

## Get Started
Run this single command to use a hosted template (a.k.a. archetype) of this project:
```bash
mvn archetype:generate -Dfilter=seauto
```
Select the framework you would like to use, and you are on your way! This will use one of the pre-built hosted templates to get you started with SeAuto that tailors the project to your organization's needs.

You may want to download the various Driver Binaries for your project. To do this, run this command inside of your newly created SeAuto project directory:
```bash
mvn com.partnet:seauto-driver-manager:download
```

## To run the SeAuto Cucumber Project
To run:

`mvn clean integration-test`
You should see a Firefox browser launch, go to Bing.com, and search for Partnet, verifying Partnet is in the search results.

After the tests run, the reports are located in `target/surefire-reports` in regular test format

## Run with other browsers

Run the tests with the following command, as found in the [*Configuration*](//partnet.github.io/seauto/#/configuration) section of the documentation:

```
mvn clean integration-test -Dtest.config.browser=<your browser, eg. IE>
```

To run each test with its own browser type, see [*Create Tests.*](//partnet.github.io/seauto/#/createTests)

# Documentation
Please see the main SeAuto [documentation](//partnet.github.io/seauto/#/getStarted) for more information.

## To build the archetype:
````bash
mvn archetype:create-from-project
cd target/genrated-sources/archetype
mvn install
cd /to/new/project/dir
mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeCatalog=local
````
Then follow the instructions inserting your GroupId, etc..
